Enhanced `InferenceClient` (#1474)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/guides/inference.mdx

- [Inference API](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/index): a service that allows you to run accelerated inference
on Hugging Face's infrastructure and for free. This service is a fast way to get started, tests different models and
prototype AI products.
- [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/inference-endpoints): a product to easily deploy models to production.
Inference is run by Hugging Face in a dedicated, fully managed infrastructure on the Cloud of your choice.
- [SageMaker Hugging Face Inference Toolkit](https://github.com/aws/sagemaker-huggingface-inference-toolkit)

All of these services can be called with the [`InferenceClient`] object. Let's see how to use it!

<Tip>

[`InferenceClient`] is a Python client making HTTP calls to our APIs. If you want to make the HTTP calls directly, please
refer to the [Inference API](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/index) or to the
[Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index) documentation pages.

For web development, a [JS client](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface.js/inference/README) has been released.

> If you are interested in game development, you might have a look to our [C# project](https://github.com/huggingface/unity-api).

Author: That's what I meant just above with _If you want to make the HTTP calls directly, please
refer to the Inference API or Inference Endpoints doc pages_

> If you are interested in game development, you might have a look to our [C# project](https://github.com/huggingface/unity-api).

Author: I'll add a "using the tool of your choice (curl, postman,...)"

</Tip>

<Tip>

[`InferenceClient`] acts as a replacement for the legacy [`InferenceApi`] client. It adds specific support for tasks and
handles inference on both [Inference API](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/index) and [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index).

> Learn how to migrate to the new client in this section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to migrate to the new client in the[Legacy InferenceAPI client](#legacy-inferenceapi-client) section.
```

</Tip>

## Getting started

Let's get started with a first example:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient

> >>> client = InferenceClient()

Author: I would rather not add a token parameter. I feel that if we add it everywhere we encourage users to pass tokens as argument instead of log in correctly.

# or 
>>> client = InferenceClient()
>>> client.text_to_image(..., model="https://uu149rez6gw9ehej.eu-west-1.aws.endpoints.huggingface.cloud/deepfloyd-if")
```

### Authentication

Calls made with the [`InferenceClient`] can be authenticated using a [User Access Token](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/security-tokens).
By default, it will use the token saved on your machine if you are logged in (check out
[how to login](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/quick-start#login)). If you are not logged in, you can pass
your token as an instance parameter:

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient
>>> client = InferenceClient(token="hf_***")
```

<Tip>

Authentication is NOT mandatory when using the Inference API. However, authenticated users gets a higher free-tier to
play with the service. Token is also mandatory if you want to run inference on your private models or on private
endpoints.

</Tip>

## Supported tasks

[`InferenceClient`]'s goal is to provide the most easy-to-use interface to run inference on Hugging Face models. It
has a simple API that supports the most common tasks. Here is a list of the currently supported tasks:

> - audio

Author: Good idea. I updated it in https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub/pull/1474/commits/978fbf29ea7107772d9484f0d47fa4572aab8fad. I removed the "models" columns with number of models since it would need to be manually updated and I'm pretty sure it will not :smile: Having a link to the hf.co/tasks page is really nice though.

    - [x] [`~InferenceClient.feature_extraction`]
    - [ ] fill mask
    - [ ] question answering
    - [x] [`~InferenceClient.sentence_similarity`]
    - [x] [`~InferenceClient.summarization`]
    - [ ] table question answering
    - [ ] text classification
    - [ ] text generation
    - [ ] token classification
    - [ ] translation
    - [ ] zero shot classification
- tabular
    - [ ] tabular classification
    - [ ] tabular regression

This list is meant to be completed to support all tasks. If you are particularly interested in a task not yet supported,
please let us know on [huggingface_hub's repo](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface_hub).

<Tip>

Check out the tasks page (https://huggingface.co/tasks) to learn more about each task, how to use them and what are the
most popular models for each of them.

</Tip>

<Tip warning={true}>

The API is designed to be simple. Not all parameters and options are available or described for the end user. Check out
[this page](https://huggingface.co/docs/api-inference/detailed_parameters) if you are interested in learning more about
all the parameters available for each task.

</Tip>

## Custom requests

> Despite the simplicity of the [`InferenceClient`] API, it is not always possible to cover all use cases. The
> [`InferenceClient.post`] method allows you to send any request to the Inference API. With this flexibility, you can
> for example handle yourself the parsing of the inputs and output. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, it is not always possible to cover all use cases. For custom requests, the
[`InferenceClient.post`] method gives you the flexibility to send any request to the Inference API. For example, you can specify how to parse the inputs and outputs:
```

```python
>>> from huggingface_hub import InferenceClient
>>> client = InferenceClient()
>>> response = client.post(json={"inputs": "An astronaut riding a horse on the moon."}, model="stabilityai/stable-diffusion-2-1")
>>> response.content # raw bytes
b'...'
```

In the example above, the generated image is returned as raw bytes. This can be helpful if you don't have `Pillow`
installed in your setup and just care about the binary content of the image. [`InferenceClient.post`] is also useful

> to handle tasks that are not yet officially supported.

Reviewer: Maybe move this to the intro of the Custom requests section. Feels a bit off to introduce/mention this at the end.

## Advanced tips

In the above section, we saw the main aspects of [`InferenceClient`]. Let's dive into some more advanced tips.

### Timeout

> When doing inference, there are two main causes for a timeout to happen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When doing inference, there are two main causes for a timeout:
```
